In the void, pairs of
particles are continuously created.
Their only destiny is to meet
and disappear into each other.
When two particles that have
interacted with each other
are separated, they're
no longer distinct particles.
The same thing happens
when two people fall in love.
Even if life pulls them apart,
they'll always carry some trace
of the other person inside.
Excellent time, Steve.
Better than yesterday.
Thanks, coach.
- We're not there yet, somehow.
- I know.
Hey, Roy, keep this up,
you're not gonna make the team.
Which means no meet in Rome,
out of college,
no more scholarship.
You stopped.
- What were you thinking?
- Nothing.
No, no.
What were you thinking?
It's none
of your fucking business!
So you can afford
to throw this away?
- Yeah, what if I want to?
- Did you win the lottery?
- Don't need the scholarship?
- Are you my dad?
I already have one.
I fucking hate him!
Hey! Everything you do in this
place is my fucking business.
So you don't like that?
Yeah, there's the door. Go! Go!
Come back
when you wanna fucking swim!
Steve, wait.
You told him I'm single
- and he didn't even react?
- I've never seen him with a girl.
I mean, he never goes out,
not even with the team, so...
Yeah, well,
maybe he's super brainy
and spends
all his time studying.
Like little Miss Physics here.
He's hot as hell
and he's Italian too.
Would you really date a guy
like that, though?
- Thank you.
- I wouldn't have to marry him.
I'd be fine
with a good one-night stand.
Jesus, you're worse than a guy.
Let me remind you that there
is this thing called "equality"
- in case you hadn't noticed.
- Right.
Anyway, he is
definitely a hothead.
And he better
watch his mouth too.
If he keeps fighting with coach,
he'll never take him to Rome.
When's the meet?
- In two weeks.
Oh, so you're
finally bugging off
- and leaving me your girlfriend.
- I'm gonna miss you, baby.
I'm gonna miss you too.
I don't know
who you are anymore
since you've been with him.
What is your problem?
That Steve's a good guy?
That he's not strange and
mysterious enough for you?
- I'm happy.
- No, you're not happy.
You're, like, serene,
which is totally different
and is terribly sad.
Well, happiness in love
is overrated.
Wow, did I...
Did I really just say that?
- Yes!
- I feel guilty!
Well, you know, I hope
the sex is at least...
Sex is also overrated.
Well, that depends
on who you do it with.
- You're a fucking bitch!
- Get in the fucking car
- and get over here!
- What up, dog?
♪ Ice cream,
ice cream Cherry on the top ♪
♪ Who's your best friend?
I forgot ♪
- Hey, monkey!
- Hey!
You finish
all your homework?
Yeah. Well, all except math.
- You're gonna need math.
- When?
When I'm driving cross-country
and you're in charge
of grocery shopping.
- But I'm coming with you.
- Yeah, we'll see about that.
Come on.
But why can't I come?
Gotta do it on my own. It's
kind of a growing experience.
Well, I'm all grown up.
- I could help you.
- Really?
How?
I could tell you
which road to take
- when you're driving.
- How about this?
I'll bring you back a present
from every city I go to. Okay?
- No.
- You wanna help? I have an idea.
How about you set the table?
Fine.
- Thanks, kiddo.
- You're welcome.
Hey, kids.
Hi, Dad.
Sorry I couldn't
get home sooner.
It's okay,
dinner's not ready yet.
If I didn't get
this guy's car fixed by tonight,
he would have lost his shit.
So how did it go today?
How did it go?
Okay.
- Time?
- All right.
But you don't win
with "all right."
Your future depends on this.
I know.
You keep reminding me every day.
You know, since O'Connor left,
I'm working for two.
Either take
your swimming seriously
or you come work for me
at the garage.
Did you ever think that maybe
I'm not good enough?
You wouldn't have
gotten this far.
Yeah. It's never enough for you.
No, it's never enough for you!
You're the one
who's setting the bar so high!
- Roy! We're eating soon.
- Yeah, I'm not hungry.
I wish you guys
wouldn't fight so much.
Yeah, me too.
The repair guy said we
have to replace the heating.
It's broken again.
Relax. I'll be home soon.
I'll get it done.
Daddy, please help us.
We can't live without you.
- I know.
- Oh, and by the way,
Mom cooked tonight.
Can you believe it?
I wouldn't believe it
if I saw it.
Oh, come on, you two.
I did a great job.
Well, except for the vegetables.
Hang in there, Viv. I'll be
back in a couple of days.
You ready for your test?
I'm a little bit nervous.
You just do the best you can.
- Okay, I love you.
- Love you too.
Based on quantum physics,
particles that have spent
some time together,
once they interact
with their environment,
they go back to being
independent, separate
and apparently more distant
from each other.
The connection between
these particles is so strong
that the moment something
happens to one of them,
the other one feels it.
Honey,
don't wait up for me tonight.
I'm meeting with some clients.
Okay.
- I was a dick last night.
- Yeah.
I was gonna
text you earlier, I...
But you didn't.
No.
I really, really needed you
last night,
like I needed you
the night before that
and the night before that.
I'm sorry.
I was busy training.
You're always busy.
I'm always busy
with quantum physics,
and I still find time for you.
I know. You're right. I just...
I got the big meet coming up
and I'm under
a lot of pressure, you know?
How about you?
How's the prep coming along?
Quantum physics is
fascinating and complicated...
and so exhausting.
You don't have
to know everything
- before you go to college.
- I have to know enough to get in.
I feel like...
all I do is study,
and I'm still not ready.
I'm sure you are. Come here.
I'm a fucking gangster,
that's how I fucking roll!
Somebody explain to me what
the fuck happened right now!
What are you talking about?
- Where the fuck are my drugs?
- What you talking about?
- My drugs!
- Chill the fuck out!
- What are you tripping over?
- Whoa, whoa!
- What the fuck is your problem?
- Ooh, shit.
- You looking for someone?
- Uh...
- Fine-ass red hair.
- What?
- That's a nice coat.
- She's a rich bitch.
That's a nice bag, huh? Uh-uh.
Oh, rich girl. She wanna play.
Come on, let's play a game.
Come on, catch it.
Oh! Just catch it.
It's not that hard.
Just catch it, girl.
- We're just playing with you.
- Grab his ass, girl.
- Give it back.
- You don't need your bag.
- I got something for you.
- Don't hold it too long.
- Chill with us, baby!
- Oh, hey!
Let me see, let me see,
let me see.
- Leave her alone, bro.
- Hey, you kept us waiting, bro!
How are you?
How are you doing?
- We're just having fun.
- I said, leave her alone.
- Give me the fucking bag.
Here, just take her bag.
This is yours.
Thank you.
- Can I call you a ride?
- No, I got it, thanks.
This is no place
for girls like you.
What do you even mean by that,
"girls like me"?
You don't even know me.
I don't know you,
but I know your boyfriend.
He wouldn't like you to be here.
Well, can you just not tell him
that you saw me here, please?
We're cool.
You're early.
Oh, what's up?
What is the strongest thing
you have?
Oh, you're drinking now?
Tonight, I drink.
Okay, then.
Vodka, straight from Ukraine.
I think my dad brought it back
the last time he went there.
Uh, yeah, maybe not straight.
- Yeah...
- It so hurts.
- Oh, my God!
- Give it here.
- Oh, my God.
- I'm gonna get you
some water with that.
Wow, your place
looks literally amazing.
Thank you. I wanted to go
for lights and mystery.
Okay.
What's wrong?
Nothing's wrong.
Roy, will you read me a story?
One of those old ones
about animals?
All right.
But not too many questions
or I'll turn off the lights
and no more fairy tales.
- Okay?
- Mm-hmm.
"The cicada and the ant.
The cicada sings in the sun.
The ant works."
Did Mom ever read you stories?
Of course she did.
Well, did she ever read
from this book?
Well, it wasn't the same book,
but it was the same story.
She used to read it when she
was a little girl your age.
"The cicada wants to play.
'But I can't, ' says the ant.
'I need food for the winter.'"
Do you miss her?
I miss her as much as you do.
But that's
enough questions, okay?
"The cicada wants to play.
'But I can't, ' says the ant.
'I need food for the winter.'
'But it's summer, '
says the cicada.
'Winter will come, and you
will be hungry, ' says the ant.
But the cicada sings
and the ant carries
more and more corn."
No, no, that's not right.
Too pink, too long.
So, what am I supposed to be?
I think
you should wear this one.
It's a sexy cop outfit.
Isn't it like too tight?
Yeah, that's the point.
I swear,
I don't wanna be with her.
You sure about that?
I don't know.
Maybe you're the one
that's scared, huh? Heh-heh.
How's it going in college?
I like it better here with you.
Do you wanna come
over to my place later?
I can't, there's a big
party, everyone's going.
The guys from my dorm.
I'm starting to like this.
- Oh, yeah?
- Yeah, yeah.
I don't see anything
wrong with that.
You're gonna have to
make up your mind, Steve.
I guess we'll
have to find out tonight.
So you are coming?
Yeah, I might swing by.
Okay, okay, okay.
- Hey.
- Yo.
How long you been
standing there?
A while.
How did you get in?
The pool's closed.
I come here every night.
Why?
You gotta train
if you wanna be number one.
So, uh...
What did you see?
You don't wanna know, bro.
- Don't worry about it.
- Yeah, I... Heh.
I don't wanna tell him you break
into the pool every night.
That's not what I do, you know?
You'd probably get
kicked off the team,
- whole big ordeal, right?
- The fuck are you talking about?
Nothing, man.
I just don't wanna see you
go down like that, that's all.
You're a good swimmer.
I want you on the team.
We need you.
So are we good?
You don't wanna be living
in that trailer-camp shithole
the rest of your life,
do you, Roy?
You don't want
the team to know
you fuck the coach, do you?
Or is it just for that
pretty girl you're dating?
You wanna lose that scholarship?
Huh?
Fuck up any chance you have?
I fucking own you, man!
I fucking own you, motherfucker!
You do what I say
or I'll fuck you up!
You got that, cumpà?
Why don't you
get the fuck out of here?
Who are you?
Show your hands!
You stole my watch!
- Give me my watch!
- What the fuck, man?
- I saw you!
- Back off!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey!
- Hey, Adam! Chill.
- Hey, get out!
- Hey, Adam!
- Fuck you, motherfucker!
Take it easy, bro. Take it easy.
Give it here!
Oh, my God! Oh!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Calm down!
People are calling the cops.
Let's go.
Why do you hang out with
that guy? He's kind of a dick.
I grew up with him.
He did all my tattoos.
I'm stuck with them
like I'm stuck with him.
What age did you get
your first tattoo?
- I was 13. I was just a kid.
- Wow, my goodness.
That must be...
so interesting, growing up
in your neighborhood.
- What were you doing there?
- It's a secret.
What are you, a kid?
You have secrets?
Um... Yes.
How about we play a game?
What kind of game?
Mm, you tell me a secret
and I'll tell you a secret.
Sounds stupid, and
I don't have secrets anyway.
Wow, really?
You don't have one secret?
Not one? Okay, well,
I'll just go, you know,
fuck off with all my honesty.
You go first.
I was supposed to take
a test today, and I didn't.
You go.
Huh.
Every night I go to the pool
and train on my own.
What's the point of training
all night in a pool
if you're not on the team?
What's the point
in studying all day
for a test you won't even take?
Huh?
Touché.
So, what's to like
about physics?
It's so much simpler
than actual life.
I like numbers.
What's your favorite number?
Seven.
Oh, wow. My goodness.
- You're bleeding.
- Really? I didn't notice.
I'm gonna find you some ice.
- I'll be right back.
- Okay.
So they didn't have ice, but...
You're an early bird.
The early bird
catches the worm, coach.
If you say so.
I stopped...
I stopped because I thought
I had already blown it.
Has it ever happened to you?
Time me.
You can't believe it,
can you?
How did you do it?
Same way you need to. No fear.
Winning isn't just about talent.
I know you train here
in the middle of the night,
and I admire that,
but it's not gonna matter
if you keep holding back.
Give me a chance.
I'll prove to you I'm worth it.
You gotta beat Steve,
his best time.
If I do, will you put me on the
team and take me to the meet?
Show me you can do it first.
I'm not gonna leave
a winner behind.
All right!
Eight laps, freestyle!
Come on!
Come on, come on, come on!
Good!
I wanna see those flip turns!
Come on!
Steve, Roy, get on the blocks!
Time trial! This is all out!
Ready...
Roy, that is exactly
what I meant.
- Two tenths off the team record.
- Really?
You did good!
Where the fuck were you
last night?
Where the fuck was I?
Where were you? I called you
at least a hundred times.
I was at practice. What?
You don't trust me anymore?
Right now
I don't really trust anyone.
What's wrong with you, Viv?
Lately it's like
you're always somewhere else.
I mean, did you even notice
I just lost my race?
Did you even think
to ask about my test yesterday?
- I forgot.
- Of course you did.
How did it go?
It went
like fucking shit, Steve!
But you wouldn't know
because you never
have time for me anymore.
Listen, I'm sorry
about your test.
And I'm sorry
about last night, okay?
Can we let it go
and fucking move on?
That's all you ever wanna do!
Like, if you don't
fight right now,
Steve, for me and us,
our relationship,
then that's it, then I'm done.
Yo, Roy!
You coming with us, dude?
Yeah, man!
I have to go talk to coach.
You beat him, bro! You beat him!
Great, awesome!
- It's not easy for me, okay?
- It's not easy for me either,
but it's not for much longer.
- What are you guys talking about?
- Hey, honey.
It's so good to see you.
Oh! How did the test go?
I don't wanna talk about it.
Come on, kiddo, I know
it's important for you.
But if you failed,
it's not a big deal, right?
What do you mean,
it's not a big deal?
She's studied the whole year
for this test.
- Do you know how hard it is?
- Do you know how hard it is, Mom?
I've been spending my whole life
thinking about numbers,
and I get there and
all I can think about is you...
fucking your new boyfriend.
Viv...
we've decided to take a break.
Mmm.
What? For how long?
It's been a year.
We wanted to wait for you
to take that test
and go off to college and...
You've been lying to me
for a year?
Is this why you're traveling
so much lately?
Because... Because
you're hiding it from me?
Viv, I'm so sorry.
So you're both liars.
Okay, okay! Good to know.
Viv, wait!
- Hello.
Um, my boyfriend went out
and took his key with him,
and I just forgot something
in his room.
So if I could grab an extra key,
that would be great.
Could you please tell me
his name and room number?
Steve Miller, and, heh,
damn, I forgot the room number.
Jet lag, you know?
Besides his key and room number,
it looks like you forgot
to leave your bags inside.
Should we blame jet lag
for that too?
I'm afraid
there's nothing I can do.
I'm really sorry.
Look, I just...
I've been flying all day
and I really wanna
surprise my boyfriend
and just go say hi
before I leave.
- Steve Miller, you said, right?
- Yeah.
What I can do
is walk you up to his room,
and if he knows who you are
and confirms your story,
then I guess
it won't be a problem.
Thank you! Thank you, thank you.
After you.
- Hey.
- Oh, hi.
- What are you doing here?
- Is he your boyfriend?
Yes. Hi. Hi! Babe, surprise!
- Uh...
- Hello.
Okay, here's the key.
Have a pleasant stay.
- Thank you.
- And watch out for that jet lag.
Thank you so much
for all the help.
Oh! Thank you
for playing along with that.
I'm sorry. I've been trying
to surprise Steve
and he wasn't gonna
let me up and...
Yeah, anyways...
Uh, where is Steve's room?
- Steve's room is 511.
- Okay.
- Yeah, just... Yeah.
- Down the hall. Okay.
Okay. I'll just keep
following you, then, heh.
- Yeah, I left something inside.
- Okay.
- I'll see you later, okay?
Uh, thanks again
for playing along with that.
Oh, that's fine.
Surpr...
Everything okay?
Yeah, do you know
where Steve is?
He was at practice this morning,
but I don't know where he went.
Wanna go for a walk?
I know some really dope places.
- It depends.
- It depends on what?
If you're going to dump me
as soon as I'm getting you ice,
- which I think is very nice.
- Yes, um...
About that... I think
I can make it up to you.
I'm sure.
Come on.
We can have some fun.
Okay.
I'm so excited to see all the
photos you've taken from today.
Did you get any good ones of me?
I hardly ever
take pictures of people.
So does that mean I've been
posing this entire time
and you don't have
one photo of me?
I take pictures
of places I find interesting.
So is it just people
you don't find interesting
or is it just me?
No, I do. I just don't need
pictures to prove it.
It's not about proving anything,
it's about
keeping the people you love
close to you at all times.
People I love are always
with me. I keep them inside.
Ah, okay, but your brain
can't store all your memories
since you were born.
Thank God.
So how are you
supposed to remember
this amazing day
we've spent together?
Who says
I wanna remember it, huh?
Can you please
move out of the frame?
Hey! That's not fair.
- What are you doing?
- Got you! Got you! It's mine!
Whoa! You can't catch me!
Hey, hey, hey!
Should we go...
Um, should we walk around it?
How long did you live here for?
Till the end of middle school.
Then my dad wanted to move
back to the States.
But didn't you want
to stay here?
Yes, no. It's... It's a long
story. You don't wanna hear it.
How about
you climb up the steps
and look back
only when I tell you?
- Why?
- Just trust me.
Why would I trust you?
I'll tell you a story about
trust my mom used to tell me.
A long time ago,
there was this guy.
His name was Orpheus,
and he was madly in love
with this beautiful nymph,
Eurydice.
She's hot. Like, she's fire,
but one day she dies.
- What?
- So he makes a deal
- with the king of the underworld.
- What kind of deal?
He can bring her back to life
on one condition:
On the way out, he can't look
at her, he can't turn around.
So she's right behind him
the whole time.
She knows nothing
about this deal.
So, what,
she starts talking to him?
Much worse.
She keeps
calling out his name.
"Orpheus. Orpheus."
Now, close your eyes.
Where are you taking me?
Out of the underworld.
♪ I love you, baby ♪
♪ And if it's quite all right
I need you, baby ♪
♪ To warm the lonely nights ♪
♪ I love you, baby ♪
♪ Trust in me when I say ♪
♪ Oh, pretty baby... ♪
Okay, there is a step now.
There is a step.
One... Another step.
Yes. Okay.
Now you can open your eyes.
So you never even
told me how the story ends.
- What story?
- Orpheus.
Oh. Yeah.
Right at the end,
Eurydice falls silent,
so he turns around and looks.
- And what happens to her?
- She's gone.
Greek mythology is fucked up.
No, that's love.
Life pulls people apart
and love ends.
It can't last forever.
You are such a pessimist,
but I'm a numbers girl,
so I kind of respect it.
What's math got to do with love?
Well, there's all these numbers
that surround the word "love,"
and it used to make
so much sense to me, and I...
Now I'm not so sure.
Do you believe in love?
Yes, I do.
I just don't want it.
Do you mind calling Steve again
and seeing
if he answers this time?
Sure, sure.
He's not answering.
You wanna grab a drink?
I owe you one.
So why are obtuse angles
so depressed?
- Why?
- Because they're never right!
- You get it, right? Because...
- I... I got it.
Why aren't you laughing?
Like, he doesn't love,
he doesn't laugh, he...
That's the funniest thing
you've done today!
- I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry.
- No worries, it happens.
I'm such a klutz when I drink.
- Two more margaritas, please.
- Are you guests at our hotel?
Oh, yes. Room 222.
What if she finds out?
I have a plan.
Thank you! I'm sorry again,
by the way.
- No worries.
- Cheers.
Cheers.
We change location
without attracting attention.
That's worse!
I feel like
this is really stealth.
You're making me drink
the day before the meet.
I'm not making you do anything
you wouldn't already be doing.
I'm not sure about that.
So are you nervous
about the meet tomorrow?
Why should I be?
I'm not gonna win it.
But you won last time.
Winning a one-time trial
is no big deal.
Everybody gets lucky
sooner or later.
Wow! Are you always
so supportive of yourself?
Only when you're around.
So, what are you gonna do
if you win?
If I do win, my dad's gonna find
another reason to give me shit.
What about your mom? I'm asking
because mine lately is...
Mine is dead.
I'm so sorry, Roy.
- I...
- That's okay.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to...
It's okay,
it was a long time ago.
Actually, she taught me
how to swim.
Can I ask how it happened?
We were on vacation, and my dad
and my sister went for a walk.
My mom was swimming in...
In the sea.
Something went wrong.
She must have blacked out.
She couldn't get back to shore.
I... I tried to get to her.
I tried and I failed.
I'm so sorry.
222's empty.
Wait, what's happening?
- Hey, they're skipping out.
- Escape!
- Go, go, go!
- What? We're leaving?
- Stop them!
- Oh, my God!
Come on, come on!
YOLO, right? Heh.
Turn around.
Did you really say "YOLO"?
Whatever. You only live once.
If there was ever
a time to use it,
now would be the time.
Did you know
that chlorine is the main...
We should go...
before we get in trouble.
So I...
I guess it's good night.
Yeah.
I had fun.
Um... I... I did too.
- Good night.
Baby, it's not
what it looks like.
- What...?
- I can explain.
Viv?
Did you know?
Viv... Viv, wait!
Leave me alone!
- Leave me alone, Roy, seriously!
- Vivien. Vivien.
Fuck you!
- Please, stop. Please.
- I don't wanna talk to you!
- Leave me alone! You get it?
- Please, calm down.
- Why didn't you tell me?
- Calm down!
Why didn't you tell me?!
What was I supposed to do?
You were supposed to tell me
the truth! What do you think?
Were you trying to use this
to your advantage?
What was that?
Like we... We go out,
we get drunk
and then you kiss me?!
- Huh? What was that about?
- Oh, come on!
You wanted the kiss
as bad as me! You wanted it!
Is it my fucking fault if
your boyfriend cheats on you?
Is it my fault
if you find out? Is it?!
And that whole story
about trust?
I could never
trust someone like you!
What'd you think was gonna
happen after you kissed me?
That we would just be
happily ever after?
I could never be
with someone like you!
Someone who tries and fails!
Fuck.
Roy!
- Roy!
- Fuck off!
Hey, I'm sorry!
I didn't mean that, okay?
I didn't wanna say that!
I'm sorry! I...
Vivien!
How did they get her
back here?
Luckily she was stable,
so they could put her
on a plane.
The doctors in Rome okayed it.
How come you guys
weren't together?
The meet was the next day,
I couldn't go out.
Yeah, but Roy was out with
Vivien, so where were you?
What happened that night?
I don't know.
I can't figure out
why they were together.
- Did you have a fight? Or...
- We had dinner.
I was tired and focused on the
meet, so I went to bed early.
I should have been there!
I should have been there.
Unfortunately, she suffered
a serious concussion.
But the good news is
that her CAT scan shows
no cerebral lesions
or focal neurological signs.
And she's got
no significant injuries.
- So we can hope she'll wake up?
- Of course.
She's young and strong.
How long will it take?
I'm afraid
I don't have the answer to that.
All we can do is continue
to monitor her condition.
Let's be optimistic.
We'll get through this, okay?
Oh, hand me a 13.
I said 13. This is an 18.
No, don't worry, I got it,
I got it, I got it.
Let's take a break.
We've been at this for hours.
Go get two beers.
Coach passed by yesterday.
He said he hasn't
seen you in a while.
You really wanna quit?
The team won anyway.
They don't need me.
What's the point
of fighting for something
that's gonna get me nowhere?
All right, listen.
What I'm about to tell you
goes against my own interests,
because since
you've been helping out,
work's gotten a lot easier.
But shouldn't you take
some time to think this over?
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
You beg me for years to come
and help you in the shop.
Now I'm here, you tell me
to think it over?!
Are you fucking crazy?
I don't want you
to rush this decision, okay?
I told you, Dad. I'm done.
Roy!
How's the girl doing?
She's stable...
but she's lost somewhere.
I'll finish up.
Go on, get out of here.
- Visiting times are over.
- I know.
So why do you
always come so late?
I've got a job.
Is she your girlfriend?
You've got five minutes.
She's not my girlfriend.
Vivien?
How are you feeling?
Can you hear me?
Can you please follow my finger?
Good.
Do you remember
anything about that night?
I mean, uh,
the night of the accident.
I don't remember,
um, anything.
You went to see
your boyfriend Steve.
Do you know who Steve is?
- Yes, I know who Steve is.
- Okay.
Um, could you please draw two
triangles with the same base?
- It's kind of wonky.
- Heh, well, thank you, Vivien.
Will I be the same me...
as I was...
before everything?
Well, you're making
great progress
and we think
you're gonna be fine.
But it may take a little time,
so you'll need to be
patient, okay?
Okay.
Vivien is doing fine.
However, as we suspected,
there's a gap
in her short-term memory.
This is pretty common
in patients
who experience
this kind of trauma.
So we'll need to take
some precautions
- in dealing with her condition.
- What kind of precautions?
Let her rest.
Don't try to force her
to remember what happened.
And don't worry
if she seems confused
when she talks about it.
Just let her work it through.
Take her home.
She's doing well!
We all are.
How are you feeling?
- Better. Yeah.
- Mm?
- I feel... I'm feeling good, yeah.
- Yeah?
So fill me in.
Did you see anything
or feel anything?
When I woke up, I felt,
um, like, a presence.
- Yeah, the brain's so weird.
- Heh, yeah.
- It's a crazy place.
- Here you go, baby.
Hey.
- For you.
- Thanks.
Did you take photos of us
that night, right?
With a Polaroid camera?
Yeah, but, um, I left them
at the hotel.
Everything got so crazy so fast,
I just forgot them in the room.
Really? 'Cause I...
That's too bad.
- Look, I found one.
- Oh, yeah.
It's cute.
Yeah, this is, um...
You know, that night, um,
I was so afraid
that I'd lose a lot more
than just those pictures.
- I missed you.
- Mmm.
I missed you too.
I'm not gonna do anything.
Hey! Who are you?
You want a beer?
You're real hot, you know that?
What's a princess like you
doing in a shit place like this?
I'm looking for Roy.
Do you know him?
Over there.
He always gets the hotties.
Come see me later!
What do you want?
Did you take any Polaroids of
Vivien the day of the accident?
Yes, why?
And was one of those
a picture of her in a park?
- Yes. Why are you asking?
- She woke up, Roy.
How is she doing?
Is she home?
Yeah, but she's remembering
a bunch of strange stuff.
And she's convinced that
she was with Steve that night.
And Steve is telling
the same story.
Did you tell her anything?
- No, she was already upset.
- So don't.
Wait, you're giving up
on her? Just like that?
It's best for everyone.
Are you scared of
how she'll take it?
- No.
- Oh, don't tell me
- you're trying to protect Steve.
- Fuck Steve!
Well, then why?
'Cause I almost killed her,
Christine.
Because every time
I get close to someone I love,
it ends up in disaster.
I get there too late.
But this time, I can go away
before I fuck it up.
What happened between
the two of you that night?
It's complicated.
- But something happened.
- Yes, and it shouldn't have.
What's wrong?
She woke up.
What did I tell you?
It was just a matter of time.
Roy.
It wasn't your fault.
I'll never forgive myself.
I'm the one
you have to forgive.
It's like I drowned with her
that day.
I tried to forget, but I can't.
I, too, was afraid of moving on,
of standing around
while you're stuck with this
guilt that's not yours to bear!
I'm sorry.
You have to make up your mind.
Okay?
Don't be the fuckup I've been.
This is what I'm trying
to tell you.
Come here.
I tried to get her
all shiny and new,
but then you just showed up.
Take the other side.
She's yours.
If it breaks, you fix it.
You can go now.
How are you gonna manage
without me?
Let's just say, uh...
your relationship with wrenches
has forced me to let you go.
So I'm fired?
Yeah. Go hit the road.
Let's go.
- Come on, bro.
- It's not fucking opening.
Fuck yeah.
- Thank you, man.
- I got your back.
Thank you, sweetie.
- Not too much.
- Why not?
Well, I may be tempted
to take advantage of you!
- I dare you.
- Watch me.
What are you eating?
Mm, fish? Oysters?
Guys, you can stop pretending.
What are you talking about?
I know.
I... I remember.
You don't
have to pretend for me.
We're not pretending.
I mean, we had
decided to separate,
that's true.
But after your accident,
we got close again.
And we realized
that we still need each other.
- Really?
- Yeah.
We needed someone
in the kitchen.
- Heh-heh, thank you.
- Really?
Yes.
- Honey...
- Wow.
Oh, thank God.
No, no, no, no....
Hi, baby!
This is so sweet.
Oh, my goodness,
I love the surprise!
Steve, seriously,
thank you so much!
So romantic!
I thought no one was here.
What's going on?
After everything
that happened, I, uh...
realized I needed a break.
Why?
- I've been struggling.
- Struggling with what?
Struggling with seeing you
every day, Steve, okay?
I can't do it anymore.
What about the team?
New coach is coming tomorrow.
I hate goodbyes.
So you were just gonna disappear
without saying goodbye?
Goodbye.
You can't just quit!
You can't just leave like this!
Who am I quitting on, Steve?
The team? Or you?
Yeah.
- Hey, baby.
- Hey.
What you up to?
Were we together
the day of the accident?
Yeah, of course.
Remember, I told you.
- Why are you asking?
- 'Cause my brain
is not as reliable
as it used to be.
So... I feel like
I just need clarification
on a couple things.
- Okay.
- What's happening in this photo?
That's a, um, fountain
in a square.
Heh, obviously
it's a fountain in a square,
but what... What is it
actually a picture of?
Where are we?
Why are you being so hostile?
I'm not being hostile,
I'm just...
I'm just asking questions.
How did we spend that day?
Uh, we went for a walk
and had dinner.
Where did we have dinner?
The restaurant,
we went to a restaurant.
Was there a terrace there?
Yeah, there was, Viv.
What was I wearing?
Um, heh,
I can't remember, I don't...
Are you serious?
The day I almost died, you can't
remember what I was wearing?
Are you serious?!
Why are we not in
any of these pictures?
Not in one of them.
Where's any photos of us?
Where's your camera even?
I told you, I left
everything at the hotel.
This is crazy, baby. I...
If you left everything
at the hotel,
then how did all of these
get here?
Where did these come from then?
- You weren't with me!
- Yes, I was.
No, you weren't!
You were not with me.
So where were you then?
- Why are you lying?
- I'm not lying.
Why are you lying? Why are you
lying to me right now?
- I'm not lying!
- You're driving me crazy!
This is already so hard!
And you're making it so much
harder. Why are you lying?
Why? Where were you that night?
Where were you that night?
- Where were you that night?
- I was with Dylan! Okay?
Okay?
In Rome, the night of the party,
for the past three months
and 12 days...
I was with him, okay?
Trust what you feel.
Love doesn't need to be proven.
Keep walking.
Don't turn around and go on.
Orpheus.
I'll be waiting.
401 Edgar Road.
- Hey.
This is pretty.
Yeah? You... You like it?
Mm-hmm.
Can I take your jacket?
I missed you.
It was you...
when I woke up.
- Yes.
- Why didn't you tell me?
I did...
in my own way.
I've been thinking
about that kiss
every second of every day
since it's happened.
But a lot of things, bad things
happened after that kiss.
Should we take the risk again?
The bond between two
particles that have interacted
is only valid
in the microscopic realm.
It cannot be applied
to the human world
because human beings are much
more complicated and...
unpredictable.